frontend/client/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: register for election and get voting certificate L8
L6

frontend/client/README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).


## Getting Started

* be sure that project / branch is up to date

# 1. prepare votingsystem 
Votingsystem includes the calculations for all our steps. e.g. it returns and checks all our ballot papers

* go into votingsystem folder
* we need first to install all dependencies of this votingsystem with 'npm install'
* then run npm build for having a 'dist build' (distribution folder - all this stuff packed)
* then we need to create a so called link - locally we need to link this package to the frontend 'npm link'
( for more informations about linking you can read https://medium.com/dailyjs/how-to-use-npm-link-7375b6219557 )

# 2. run mock server for registration
go into mock servers and start registration server with 'npm start'

# 3. opnreg
* first install dependencies 'npm install'
* link the votingsystem ('npm link votingsystem')
* start server ('npm run dev')

Under [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) (or wherever it starterd) we can see the result e.g. under 

http://localhost:3000/createsecret
creating the user secret (qr code) that confirms the identity of the user and that he is allowed to register for elections

http://localhost:3000/register/[electionid]
checks wether the user is allowed to register for election with help of the created secret from step one and creates a voting authorization card (qr code or as cookie when user wants to go to election directly)

http://localhost:3000/pollingstation/[electionid]
will contain the voting process (checking the voting authorization card) and the vote (selection of answers, putting them into the voting ballot)
